The Joe Rogan experience.
But dude, you're still rocking at the top of the food chain. It's amazing.
I'm saying I'm people, people were saying I'm too old. I'm 38. Well.
Look at your victory over Viente Luque and then look what Lu just did to Tyron
Woodley. You're still at the top of the food chain.
Cause I was real recently that you beat.
Him. Yeah, it was. I mean, it was what a year. It was two years ago.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> two years ago. I beat the, but uh, yeah man, people say,
and I'm I'm I'm I'm too old. And I guess once you get knocked out one time,
you just, they throw you to the side.
That's people that don't understand the human chin. It's just like, it's just,
it's just a fact. You get hit with the perfect shot.
There's it would even hard. It wasn't even hard. You know, I've been hit harder.
Tyron hit me harder. Jake Ellenberger hit me harder. This was just right.
On the button. It's crazy. Isn't it, to be.
Honest with you, it was like, it was like a, a relief being knocked out. I mean,
I got close to 80 something fights with kickboxing MMA together and
I've never been knocked out and it was always one of those, you know,
Lee going into a fight. This is gonna be it. Hmm. This is,
this is gonna be the time I get knocked out.
This is always going through my head. And now that it happened,
this is not that bad. <laugh> it's really not that bad.
I would rather get knocked out than get just the crap beat outta me for five,
five minute rounds.
Have you ever been knocked out in training? No.
So that was the only time ever in your whole crew been knocked out and it was a
wild punch too. The fact that he caught you with a Superman punch.
I know man did the memes after that with her. I dunno if you saw that, but.
It was funny. You gotta think though, you've dished it out so many times.
I know, you know, through kick by career and MMA. I mean,
there's so many times you flatline people.
And then, uh, yeah, I get, I get knocked out by a guy in a lot,
in a lighter of weight class. My dad, my family is pretty rough. They don't,
they,
they bring it up as much as they can <laugh> I was in the hospital that night
and uh, my dad's doing it like a face book, live thing, cuz you know,
we had a bunch of bunch of, you know, karate families,
Andrate kids there and we pretty much sold out that arena. Greenville,
South Carolina were, I mean,
everybody was there to watch me fight and then I get crushed or I get
knocked out and then, uh, you know, everybody's wanna know how I am.
So I did it like it was probably 2:00 AM.
Did a Facebook live and dash just eat me alive, eat me alive. Yeah.
I got knocked out. He's like, yeah, by a smaller guy too.
And he just let me have it. But yeah, that's grew man. That's how he is.
It is what.
It is. Yep. You know, you,
you took it really well in terms of like the way you reacted and social media
and the way you reacted and you were asked about it, you know, showed poise.
Thank you. I mean, what, what can you do? I mean,
you can't just sit there and cry about it. No, you know, uh, yeah.
It bothered me for a while that you know, why did I not see it coming?
I normally see this stuff coming. Do you.
Think you were relaxed when he hit you? Is that what it.
Was? I think it was definitely a distance thing. Cause when I, when I,
I had psychic, I watch it over and over and over again.
I don't remember any of the second round. I don't remember any of it.
All I remember is getting up off the stool, looking across the,
the cage and I seen his bloody nose. He's banged up and I'm like, all right,
time, time to pick it up. I M gonna finish him this round.
This was going through my head and that's all I remember.
And I got knocked out five, five seconds left in the second round. Wow.
I don't remember anything.
I don't remember sitting up talking to him in the cage.
The people say I was like high fiving people as I was walking by.
All I remember is like these sparkles kind of fade away
and I see Chris Wyman's face right there. He's laughing at me.
He's like smiling at me. And he said, if you ask me that again, I wanna lap you.
I guess I asked them the same question. I kept saying, you know what happened?
How'd I get knocked out. I got knocked out. Just kept saying.
That's what people do when they get knocked out. They,
they ask the same question. What happened over and over again.
It was such a weird thing. And then, you know, not remember any of that.
And then just being in the back, it's like, I got teleported there.
I was fighting. And, and then I was there and I,
I remember him helping me trying to answer the doctor's questions. He like,
you know what day it is. I'm like, uh, and Chris, like Steven, come on.
You know what day it is? He's like trying to help me out answer these questions.
But, uh, that's all I remember, man, is, is that, but, uh, it's it was a relief.
Like I have nothing. Well, what else? I mean,
that's like the word thing that can happen. Why.
Why, why do you feel like it's a relief?
Well, you know, it was such a worry, you know, I've, I've knocked out people.
I've, I've seen how they are, you know, getting up off the canvas and the, the,
you know,
what has done to people psychologically getting knocked out and that's always
been kind of like, how would I handle that? You know, how would I handle that?
How would I, how would you've seen people get knocked out and they,
they try and come back maybe as soon as pops. So, which is not a good thing.
They should, it's a terrible thing. Yeah. They should give their time,
you time for their body to heal up. But, um, you know, I've seen people do that.
It was always a worry for me. How would I handle that? Yeah.
I always get concerned when I see someone who gets knocked out and they want to
get right back in there. I'm like, Ooh, you're asking for trouble.
Cause you might feel fine, but you probably are a little loose.
Yeah. It's funny. You said that because they UFC wanted me to fight,
wanted me to fight two months later in my hometown. Wow.
And after the day after was going to get some breakfast with some,
with some friends, um, still in Knoxville. Oh,
with the fam and I get a call from, um, Dana, I think it was hunter.
Hey man, you still wanting to fight and Greenville, South Carolina.
Of course the athlete and myself said yes.
Like I wanted to jump back in there and yeah. But then, you know,
reality kicked in and you know, I look over at my pops and he is like the, he,
I think he already know it was, he said that he, he just shook his head.
Who was it.
That you were supposed to?
Um, I don't think we had anybody. The USC should have made it. Anthony Pettis.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it was only like two months later.
It should have been Anthony Petti in my hometown, but,
and I didn't find out that UFC was in Greenville. I found that out,
watching some fights.
Like, uh,
so you saying UFC should have made a rematch with pets or re or you should have
had that should have been when you fought Pettus. Yes. Was in your hometown?
Yes. Yes. We, we would've sold that out.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost all for free.
So Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.